Update metadata-querying.md (#1121)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-api/metadata/metadata-querying.md

title: "Querying the Metadata API"
id: "metadata-querying"
---
In order to query the dbt Metadata API, you must have the following:
* Team or Enterprise dbt Cloud account

> * [Multi-tenant](https://github.com/docs/deploy/regions) dbt Cloud account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Multi-tenant](/docs/deploy/regions) dbt Cloud account
```

title: "Querying the Metadata API"
id: "metadata-querying"
---
In order to query the dbt Metadata API, you must have the following:
* Team or Enterprise dbt Cloud account
* [Multi-tenant](https://github.com/docs/deploy/regions) dbt Cloud account
  Note: The Metadata API is currently not available to accounts on [Single Tenant deployments](/docs/deploy/single-tenant).

> _Note that this API is currently not available to accounts on [Single Tenant deployments](/docs/deploy/single-tenant)._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

title: "Querying the Metadata API"
id: "metadata-querying"
---

> Accounts on the _Team_ and _Enterprise_ plans can query the dbt Metadata API. 

Reviewer 2: Mirna's suggestions:
```suggestion
In order to query the dbt Metadata API, you must have the following:
* Team or Enterprise dbt Cloud account
* [Multi-tenant](https://github.com/docs/deploy/regions) dbt Cloud account
  Note: The Metadata API is currently not available to accounts on [Single Tenant deployments](/docs/deploy/single-tenant).
```

> _Note that this API is currently not available to accounts on [Single Tenant deployments](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/deployments/single-tenant-deployment)._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Note that this API is currently not available to accounts on [Single Tenant deployments](/docs/deploy/single-tenant)._
```
